I started at channel 9 in 1992 and
channel 9 did rugby league and
cricketers their two main sports so I
got into it very early on at channel 9
and then came here in 2004 and started
working for Sky
I think cricketers is probably the
hardest sport to cover just simply
because it's a very long day and off the
bat you don't know where the balls going
to go 360 degree degrees I mean Golf is
very difficult but you've got the best
players in the world aiming at that pin
there they're not going to hit it over
there I'm not going to hit it over there
they're going to hit it straight at you
often you'll have a fielder using you as
a marker so they'll look it over their
shoulder and see that they're standing
right in front of you and that's their
spot and you can't say anything to them
so I had a situation last year where you
know on the ashes it was it I think
Johnson was standing in front of my
camera for about five overs and for five
overs you're just sort of offering other
stuff
okay so with the DRS the advent of
dearest there's a lot of pressure on
spin to get the shot if you don't get
the shot if the ball is slightly out of
frame you know if you haven't quite come
up tilted up high enough as it's hidden
I mean you can lose a game great day of
cricket was actually in Colombo with
Peterson he scored 200 runs in more or
less two sessions I've never seen any
and he was just hit it timing the ball
you know just not hitting it very hard
but these low sixes that were just like
insane you know that amount of power
from about to witness something like
that was like watching something maybe
Vivian Richards would have done back in
the day it was amazing to watch it was
44 degrees Celsius it came off to pitch
that day and won the game for her
England and said I've never done it
harder days cricket in my life it was so
insanely hot all the cameramen were just
you know falling to bits
to get up to the gantry we have to walk
through the pavilion it's quite a
strange thing we have to wear a suit
normally on camera you would never wear
a suit you have to see the old voice in
the pavilion you know you talk to the to
the punters that have been coming here
sometimes these guys have been sitting
on the seat just over next to me for 15
years you know they know that I don't
normally do this camera guy that's
normally doing it as in real but they
said they were saying to me where's
Rihanna and I was like well he's in Rio
are we really mystery on you know we
love having chats too young so Rihanna's
giving them or the inside info when
those DRS reviews they're getting the
information quicker than anybody on the
ground because he's talking to them
about I think Lords in particular is the
home of cricket when the guys walk out
on the first day that Test match it's
something especially we don't get that
anywhere else in the world you know I've
worked in Australia I went to the West
Indies India Lords is probably the most
special post
me